with all white want marcelo bielsa in
the Mexican national team and asks that the
new national technician is not forced
to appear in commercials as it happened
with miguel herrera I would have loved
that it was good it was shown to be a
very trained accountant as coach
this demanding
I think that's what the
Mexican team
but well, now we do have
saying of all the owners of the
teams and the current president of
from the first division I think it's
important because
have a coach with a character with
wanting to succeed and hungry for
trick coast do not bring it like
bring the louse was not a side to
another important thing here is to stop
work the coach who won being this
commercial we're going to this and what
important is to work and work well
for the Mexican team
so that moves us so that the
soccer player keep growing it look
Good afternoon, I think you already had it
frozen in a sachet that is
they take out but at the end of conesa here what
important is that I work as I say
to do things for the good of the
fiscal soccer clarified that the
Irregularity of the results is
Total responsibility of the players
but who can cheat I do not have even the
america cup or a comfortable the very good
that is a reality the elections like
well I do not know what happens to the players
they have an approach they do not need
tired are annoyed
and hopefully and
all my heart is I tell you now
they will be what they used to be
vacancies to four that smith won the
two thousand pesos three thousand pesos if you have
a hunger to succeed I think that is
has lost much better name and pointed
that he does not miss so many movements in
the Mexican soccer federation is
normal has always happened that you
I think sometimes swamp
and it has always happened here what I
I have always said
the one that grabs the selection with this I
considers important for the good of the
Mexican soccer elected in general that
work well to fight hard
navigator who arrives I think what what
will do well but hopefully and all
both wood owners take a very
good decision to give a selection
strong one of the competitive selection